---
layout:     post
title:      I think about you most days
date:       2015-05-26 23:00:01
summary:    Memories of love and loss.
---

I think about you most days.

Some days it is only in passing, like a half-formed thought. Like it doesn’t matter, like you never linger.

Some days, although there are few of them, I don’t think about you at all. I don’t like those days, but naturally I never realise until the next day rolls around and I think about you again.

Then there are those days where I think about you so much it makes me feel physically unwell. The days when I look back and I know that must be as good as it gets. The days when I know we will never have it back because we fell apart, the days when I blame myself because I tore us apart and we can never come back together. Humans aren’t porcelain which cracks neatly and can be smacked back together with a bit of glue. When we break some pieces will fall off and be lost and you will never get them back.

Some days I miss you a lot.

Some days you appear in my dreams and I always reach out for you. The dreams are the worst. The dreams take you away from me all over again.

Some days the thought of you makes me sick to my stomach. You repulse me. I cannot possibly understand what I found attractive about that voice of yours, or how you always spoke your mind, or the way you roll your r’s when you pronounce certain words. On these days I hate you, but I always hate myself more.

Some days I imagine meeting you again. Not even romantically, but just in passing. I hate the thought of us becoming the kind of people who will pass each other in a supermarket and say hello but not much more, as if nothing had ever happened, as if your fingers never traced my spine and as if those silent hours in the middle of the night never happened; as if nothing has changed when in reality nothing will ever be the same.

Some days I try to imagine us being friends, but I find that impossible because I wouldn’t know how I would talk to you without reaching out and touching your hand, wouldn’t know how to sit next to you without letting my fingers run through your hair, wouldn’t know how I could ever be with you and not love you.

Some days, when I am drunk, I miss you even more than usual and I force myself to dry sob because I think that will help. And somewhere along the way I think I missed the point, because being lonely isn’t always just the cause of missing you; being sad isn’t always because you’re not around, but sometimes it’s easier to just give a face to the sadness and loneliness and I am sorry and I do apologize that it had to be your face, your face.

Other days I have a hard time remembering what you looked like.

Most days your face does not matter because it was always your heart that I loved.

Some days I wonder if what we had was worth all the pain (but on those days I mentally slap myself and shake my head; of course it was, of course it was).

Some days, and this does not happen all that often, I think about you and I find that I am not missing you. And it is not because you repulse me; that’s a different kind of day. It is not because I only think of you in passing and don’t have time to really consider my feelings; that is a different kind of day also. No. It is one of those days where I feel like I have clarity, real clarity, and I can see our relationship for what it was: something pristine. It was great, and I did love you, and we did touch each other and change each other and we are better people for having met.
But on those days I don’t miss you.

On those days I know that you and I were always meant to touch briefly and leave it at that. On those days I am content with knowing that even if I continue reaching out for you in my dreams until the day that I die I will never get to you because I was never meant to. On those days I don’t miss you, and on those days that is fine. Because what we had was too perfect to be broken down by time, and on those days my memories are enough.

Yeah. I think about you most days.