---
layout:     post
title:      Endless Imagination
---

The cosmos, the word "cosmos" manages to make the hairs on my arms stand up straight. The word "cosmos" is a mysterious one and evokes such primal feelings inside. Whenever I hear that word I can't help but look back to the times of snowboarding or mountain climbing at night and gazing at the huge expanse of our sky. Our very own night show, if I were to have a source of entertainment for the rest of my life I would choose a natural sky line at night. 

As long as there is imagination, there are endless possibilities to thoughts and outcomes. Staring at this computer screen I can't help but feel the need to go and gaze at the stars once more or stare at the moving sky line and perhaps wonder if we are a computer simulation run from beings higher above or perhaps that we are just simply a part of an ever expanding universe where our galactic cousins are light years away. This all leads me to the fact that there could be alternate universe(s). A place where every possibility can and would occur in a different place and time. In that alternate universe I could be very well dead or maybe still alive. I could have been born 400 years ago or have not been born at all. I could be married already or does such a concept of marriage even exist in that universe. I could be a girl or maybe something completely different than the two ordinary sexes of today's society. I could be in New York right now and I could have been born black. I may be living in a city called "Paint Brush," or I could be in the international space station. 

What I'm trying to say is that in this universe or the next there are endless possibilities with endless opportunities and endless time. This all depends on whether there are actually in fact alternate universes. That star and that wave of light, they are unimaginably far away from our little blue planet. In between us and them, there is this void and one of my most countless thoughts are about the void. The void often has negative connotation as to mean emptiness or nothing. When a person asks, what are you up to? If you reply with "nothing," usually that means either boring or lazy at least to the stranger. I find the idea of nothing and emptiness fascinating to say the least. The idea of a lack of substance or lack of filler adds so much to the dynamic that is our home universe. That in between us and them, there is literally nothing yet only time that stops us from reaching a certain place. 

Perhaps all these thoughts are coming from a lot of recent changes in my life, though it helps when ever a person is down, always know that no matter what happens in life that puts you down to a level that is alien to you, a level you do not wish to be inside. Always know that there is a different you out in another universe, perhaps a version of you that you do not like or a version of you that you wish you can attain. Always know that there are endless possibilities for anything to happen and that many things can be achieved. If you need a source of entertainment or "inspiration," I urge you to stare into the night sky without any light pollution nearby; it is magical. 